So when I was the operations officer, uh, my last squadron, my commanding
officer just taken over and our particular squadron would had a
LOL of deployment. So we often got tasks with Tasked with a lot of non
glamorous, unglamorous types of things. And specifically, we were
tasked with doing some cargo off load between one ship and putting
it on land. What my commanding officer wanted I want to do because it's
kind of a tradition is to give give the sailors a long weekend,
but because we're gonna have to be part of this, uh, the cargo off load,
We couldn't do that. So my my particular position was, Well, we
got to be part of it anyway, So let's throw all in, uh, make the most
of it. And my dad idea is making the most of it was to support with
Max effort as best we could. My commanding officer decided that that
he was I think he wanted to make a point that we were not gonna
be responsible for everything. Um, and he he wanted other people to
be a be a part of it, and I kind of disagree. I kind of disagreed with
that. Not not because other people shouldn't be part of it, but because
I felt like his response was a bit petulant. Um, a lot of good
could come of us doing that, and he could have given a long weekend
at another time. Um, I lost that argument a CZ as subordinates or
want to do this type situation, But that was one situation where there
was disagreement in our team and I was a subordinate.